Not-so-easy-to-read-term : Client-Side Real Estate Asset Management.What's the difference between us and Property Management Companies (PMCs)? We are more in the direction of business intelligence, the usual PMC is more operational & technical.The difference between us and property agents? We make business insight, projection, financial report to monitor the financial, legal, and physical conditions of the client's property portfolio. Property agent does not make those reports. The difference between us and JLL, C&W, KF, CBRE? Similar role, but we handle clients in a smaller scale. Ex: there is a goat trader. From the profit of the sale and purchase of his goats, he likes to invest in property, his RE portfolio consists of 3 vacant lot, 4 landed houses, 7 apartments, and 2 shop houses. This guy somehow deceased, so his child came to a big RE consultancy firm to get insights on what to do to his father's assets (I worked in 2 of those firms in the past), but those big RE consultancy firm will not handle him, because they are big companies, and they won't bother to handle this type of clientele . Actually in terms of feasibility, this type of client needs property consulting & management services that give insight to them, and one that can be trusted. But so far, there's very rare supply of these firms (or as far as I know, the common practices is either a PMC or an Agent - opposites in the practice directions)So there you have it - about who we are. 

Service

Real Estate Asset Management
Why not just simply say, "property management" ? Because at reveneue, we view your property as an asset, and that mindset, though sounds simple, not applied by most of the others. We understand your view as an owner, and will act on your best interest, which is a balance between maximizing return and mitigating risks.

Lease Management
After giving you the projections, we are also ready to utilize any tools in our inventory to execute the plan. From manual to tech, we have a broad arsenal to reach the desired goals.

Real Estate Consulting
New to real estate? Just got an inheritance? Got divorced? Won a lottery? Confused at choosing which bank for your mortgage? Here at reveneue, we got you covered. Our consultants are ready to solve your cases.

Feasibility Study / HBU Analysis
You have a land, and want to build it. But which product is the right one? Should you build a townhouse? a landed house? a shophouse? We will help you getting the right product.

Market Research
Market research, analysis, report and projections, specific in the real estate sector.

Annual Report
To keep track of all your assets' financial conditions

Why

Accessible
There are firms / consultants out there who is bigger and have more resources than us. But they only handle "big clients", and how about you? who will handle you? Here at reveneue, we handle you. That's the major difference between them and us. 

Affordable
We know, consultants are famous for their "pricey price" but not here. We know how it feels like, we were there also, and we decided to do this. Although subjective, reveneue is more affordable than those big firms. 

Accrual
Your secretary may makes the cost total for you. The local property agent may find the client for your lease. But in summary, do you know how much your total asset costs? Is it profit or loss? Which one is profitable? Which one is at loss? Here at reveneue, we are opening your eyes to the truth about your real estate portfolio.


REV

PT Reka Manajemen Aset Strategis
Jendral Sudirman Kav 52-53Treasury Tower Office 17th Floor Unit F, District 8, Lot 28SCBD


+ 62 811 9911 065

support@reveneue.co.id